[Lily] Let's check ancient ruins.
There's so many.
We don't have time to go
to each one.
We'll have to narrow them down.
Here's a thought.
Wouldn't it be a location that had
the deepest connection
to the Black-Winged Gang?
-Kazhan.
-Huh?
He said he was having him rest
in a special place.
A great place.
It was near the ocean,
and if he had wings,
it would be the ultimate paradise.
Paradise?
According to him...
[gasps]
[king] The four towers built
to protect the north, south,
east,
and west of Jet Black.
I heard tale it was
a holy place connected
to the Black-Winged King.
[king] What about there?
[gasps]
[theme music playing]
[groans]
So it's that time already.
[ominous music]
[Keith] Brilliant.
There's nothing here.
Guess it's useless after all.
Kirisame, he's clever.
[Gilbert] Hey.
Hey.
I'm well aware you can hear me,
Keith Flick.
I've finally stooped down
to his level, have I?
The time's come at last.
Hello, Keith.
You haven't changed a bit.
This must be my subconscious projected
as an illusion.
Intracerebral narcotics do get released
before death.
It is what it is.
You been well?
Does it look like I've been well?
Ouch.
Come on.
Stop ignoring me.
You haven't changed a bit.
[Gilbert] Just give up.
I was just thinking how at this point
I've dropped to your level.
Would you look at that.
He finally speaks.
[Keith] Oh, shut it.
Still haven't found forgiveness?
Here I thought killing me
would absolve you of your sins
and improve your mood.
What I feel is the worst kind of hell.
[Gilbert] Which means the person
you can't forgive is yourself.
Right?
Even though the one who killed Erika
was me.
How troublesome you are.
Clarify.
[Keith] You're an illusion, aren't you?
[Gilbert] More or less.
[Keith] So I'm doing this.
[Gilbert] Definitely.
[Keith] Basically, you're saying the you
who's blaming me is me.
[Gilbert chuckles]
Correct.
My visage is the image dwelling
in the darkest, deepest part of you.
Can't get more troublesome than that.
Are you being straight with me?
You knew, didn't you?
It's been such a long time.
[Erika] Keith?
There's, uh--well, there's something
I've always wanted to ask you.
[Keith] Huh?
It's about why you quit
the research facility
and entered the police force.
Were you trying
to distance yourself from me?
That's not the only reason why.
[Erika] But even so,
it was one of the reasons.
Well, yeah.
You could say that.
[Erika] Why?
You don't know?
I remember the day you decided you
were going to join the research facility.
It's still as clear as can be.
It was the day that I realized that I
was probably starting
to develop feelings for Erika.
No, I didn't realize.
But I was under the impression that
she already had feelings for Gilbert.
[snow crunches]
[Gilbert] But even after you learned
how Erika cared for you,
you still ran away.
You left the facility to keep yourself
from Erika.
[Keith] Yeah, I did.
And if I hadn't run away,
Erika wouldn't have had to die.
If the three of us put our heads together,
we might have solved the case by now.
No way,
and to be clear,
I'm finished talking to you,
so hurry up and vanish.
Very well, then.
It is your decision.
I'll say this.
Your heart still yearns for you
to be condemned.
You wish to be tried for a sin,
though which one you committed,
no one knows.
You can't let go of those feelings
of guilt.
Somewhere in your heart,
you've accepted this current situation
as a just punishment.
Maybe you're right about that.
Well then, you shouldn't be allowed
to die.
[Gilbert] This is Keith Flick
we're talking about.
If he put his keen mind to the task,
wouldn't he be able to think
of a way out of this place?
No use.
Everything has a limit,
including me.
Plus, there's nothing here,
is there?
What, then?
Will you die as you are?
[Gilbert] Or will you run away again?
You're always so stupid, Keith.
[grunts]
[Keith] You were always the only one
who would call me stupid to my face.
No one else would ever dare to do it.
Though, I guess I am.
Well, you say that,
but I couldn't say it all that much.
I guess we're the same.
[Erika] Gilbert was so kind to me.
He forgave all of who I was and wasn't.
In other words,
I let him spoil me to pieces.
I could talk to him about anything.
That's why I told him.
I told him I loved you, Keith,
and that I'd tell you because
I didn't want to live with any regrets.
Unfortunately, that was the one
and only thing he didn't forgive me for.
[gasps]
[Erika] Keith.
These are my last words.
[gasps]
-[Keith shudders]
-Please, Keith.
Listen to them.
I'm so sorry.
[Keith weeping]
Please disappear.
[film projector clicking]
[Gilbert] I won't allow you
to run away.
[Keith weeping]
[Gilbert] I've carved an indelible code
into you.
Thus, I'll continue to live alongside you.
[Keith shuddering]
And in this way,
we shall always be together.
[sobbing]
I know that, damn it!
[Keith] If I didn't run from myself
like a selfish fool,
you wouldn't have had to die.
But I just didn't want you to see me such
a miserable failure.
I loved you with all my heart.
[Keith inhales and exhales deeply]
All I wanted was you by my side full
of joy and laughter!
[sniffling]
I've never been good at expressing
how I'm feeling out in the open
but what I was truly afraid of was...
...falling apart by putting it into words.
I was terrified to say it
because I was your brother!
An older brother isn't...
...he isn't supposed to feel such things
for his little sister.
[Keith sniffling]
They're supposed to protect them.
Those kinds of feelings
shouldn't ever exist!
Even with those same feelings,
I couldn't protect you!
I'm such a hopeless fool.
Oh, Keith.
If I die here,
will I be able to see you again?
Could the two of us stay together forever?
Now, Keith,
you made a promise.
You didn't forget, did you?
[Keith] Promise?
-[Gilbert] Keith... Keith... Keith...
-[Erika] Keith... Keith... Keith...
[Erika] Keith.
Hey, Keith?
I found a devastatingly good bakery
in town
that we should totally check out
sometime next week!
[Keith] Crap, that's right.
I forgot.
Oh, man.
Of all the times.
I have to live to see next Tuesday.
Slipped my mind for a second,
but I made a promise.
We're sure Keith's being held
in one of these.
[Izanami] The question is,
which one?
[Lily] Hmm.
Hmm.
I guess I can't hope
for any more information
to help narrow it down.
-[Yuna] Lily.
-[Lily] Oh, well.
All we can do now is head out
and confirm.
[all grunting]
We'll keep in touch as we continue
to gather additional information, okay?
Under normal circumstances,
we would go straight to the Royal Palace,
-but now--
-Don't worry about me.
I'll accompany you.
But it'll be dangerous.
I would like to see this through
to the end.
I understand.
[Lily] We'll split up
and investigate the four towers.
Koku, you'll go to these two areas.
[taps table]
[Lily] Yuna, Izanami,
you'll go here.
As for me,
I'll look into this tower here
on the left.
If you would, Your Majesty,
I'd like you to come with me.
Isn't splitting the party a tad
on the dangerous side?
And do you have a faster way
to confirm where it is?
[Izanami exhales]
Guess I don't.
All right.
Let's go.
[Keith grunting]
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
[grunts]
Good enough.
[gulping]
[grunting]
Should be able to buy half
a day with this.
Now then...
[grunting]
Let's get to it.
[car engine turning over]
Hold on!
[Lily] Be careful, everyone.
[engine revving]
[keyboard clacking]
[Kirisame] Koku and friends
are on the move.
[Kazhan] It's about damn time.
[Kirisame] Where is Asagiri?
All movements have now been assimilated.
From the looks of things,
it's finished.
So, you're saying she's gone
beyond his power?
[beeps]
[Yukizake] Numerically speaking, yes,
and if it's correct,
then the probability is high.
She'll strike while we study the results.
How lame.
I wanted to see it up close.
-Kazhan.
-[Kazhan] Yeah, yeah, I know.
[chair creaks]
You should hurry.
Why don't we just keep the RIS waiting?
Now don't say that.
They're also important comrades.
Yeah, I know that.
[unsettling music]
Hmm.
Well, this isn't good.
My head's all muddled up.
If I'm wrong about this,
I'll die for sure.
I can't do anything about that.
[Lily groans]
[king] Is there a problem?
[Lily exhales]
This is taking too long.
[king] Well, what should we do?
Would you mind if we took a bit
of a shortcut?
[king] Not at all.
Aww, yeah!
[giggles]
[engine revving, tires squealing]
[exciting music]
[king groaning]
Are you hanging in there, Your Majesty?
I'm gonna speed up a little!
[king shouting]
[seagulls cawing]
[Izanami] That looks like a good one.
[Yuna] Is it all right to just use it?
Don't worry about it.
It's all right.
Do you know how to operate it?
Probably.
[Yuna grunts]
I'm happy to see you again.
Where's all of this coming from?
[Yuna grunts]
Because I never got to tell you.
[Izanami grunts]
By the way, Izanami,
have you been in touch with Koku?
Somewhat, I guess.
[whimpers]
I've seen him a couple of times.
[Yuna] What?
Really?
[boat engine turning over]
[Izanami] Huh, he didn't
tell you anything?
[Yuna] No.
Tell me the details, please.
[Izanami] Some other time.
[Yuna] Oh, come on.
That's not fair.
[both gasping]
[dramatic music]
[Keith] That much with that thing, huh?
The problem isn't the size but the speed
at which it flies out.
Now then,
insufficient falling speed.
Too great a distance,
so no rope,
and I don't have a pulley.
Too bad.
What's a good substitute?
Luckily for me,
there are loads of them.
[exhales]
To the next one.
[tires squealing]
-[Lily giggling]
-[king groaning]
We're just about at our destination now!
[laughs]
[thrilling music]
[Keith grunting]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[both grunting]
[both gasping]
So, I finally found you.
[Yuna] Kazhan.
[Koku] That's it.
[grunts]
[panting, gasps]
[giggles]
[singing in Japanese]